[RAPTOR-3574] model templates for unstructured (#165)
datarobot/datarobot-user-models: model_templates/inference/r_unstructured/README.md

## R Unstructured Inference Model Template

This model is intended to work with the [R Drop-In Environment](../../../public_dropin_environments/r_lang/).

> or any other python environment as it doesn't require any specific packaged.

Reviewer: apply the same comments from above to this file

The data is just a text file [unstructured_data.txt](../../../tests/testdata/unstructured_data.txt)

This model doesn't use any artifacts, but only a `custom.R` which implements the `score_unstructured` method and performs word count on input data.

## Instructions

> Create a new custom model with these files and use the Python Drop-In Environment with it

Author: But it's not the following files, but a file mentioned in the sentence before.

> Create a new custom model with these files and use the Python Drop-In Environment with it

Author: ?

> Create a new custom model with these files and use the Python Drop-In Environment with it

Reviewer 2: Ah, then ignore that change. Misread it

### To run locally using 'drum'
File paths are relative to `./datarobot-user-models`:   
`drum score --code-dir model_templates/inference/r_unstructured --target-type unstructured --input tests/testdata/unstructured_data.txt`

#### Running with additional params
The following example shows how to control the types of the values passed into the `score_unstructured` hook.

> Consider the following signature: `score_unstructured <- function(model, data, query, ...)`

Reviewer 3: I think it's worth describing in more detail what a query input should look like (from a drum score --query perspective), and how it should be parsed in R. Although you have the example below, it'd be nicer to have some documentation rather than relying on people to read the implementation in `custom.R` directly.

Reviewer 4: Query should not be documented so far. Rabbit hole of feature we wont yet use.

Author: We have query param in `drum score --help` ?
Let's keep as for today, and go over all the docs in a week or so. There are a couple of things that has to be changed.

##### Example 1
Command:   
`drum score --code-dir model_templates/inference/r_unstructured --target-type unstructured --input tests/testdata/unstructured_data.txt --verbose`

Output:
```
[1] "Model: " "dummy"
  
[[1]]
[1] "Incoming content type params: "

$mimetype
[1] "text/plain"

$charset
[1] "utf8"

[1] "Incoming data type: " "character"
           
[1] "Incoming data: rough road leads to the stars \nчерез тернии к звездам\n"

[[1]]
[1] "Incoming query params: "
```

> Model value is as it was returned by the `load_model` hook.  
> Content-Type was not specified so default values are passed: `mimetype=text/plain` and `charset=utf8`, so data is treated as text and passed as `character` into the hook.
> Query params are empty as `--query` option argument was not provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The model value represents what is returned by the `load_model` hook.  
The content type was not specified, so the default values are passed: `mimetype=text/plain` and `charset=utf8`. In this case the data is treated as text and passed as `character` into the hook.
The query params are empty because the `--query` argument (optional) was not provided.
```

##### Example 2

> Providing custom *textual* content type.  

Reviewer 2: I think for the rest of this text, my suggestions shared above can be applied, as the content is largely the same.
